A large bald headed man that looks like a zombie pulls himself out of a grave in a graveyard.
The zombie walks slowly through a graveyard with a smaller woman who looks like a possessed vampire.
Scene changes. A frightened woman sits upright in bed looking offscreen in fear.
She crawls slowly off the bed as a male vampire approaches the bed from the direction she was looking, his arm holding his cape up to hide his face.
The woman runs out of the house, while the vampire slowly walks behind her.
The woman runs through a graveyard at night and falls while the vampire woman looks on menacingly.
The scene changes. An airplane flys, lightening appears, and an older vampire is seen in the daylight walking through the graveyard.
Scene changes to the inside an alien spacecraft.  An alien woman walks away from the vampire woman and the large bald zombie who have entered the craft.
A close up appears of the bald zombie as he walks into the camera with the alien woman behind him.
Title appears: Plan 9 From Outer Space.